README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Updated README.md: Added project description, technologies used, prerequisites, and contributing guidelines

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## About Sky360 Website

Sky360 is a modern web application built using Next.js, designed to [add your project's purpose here]. This application leverages cutting-edge web technologies for performance, scalability, and an enhanced user experience.

## Technologies Used

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) for server-rendered React applications
- [next/font](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) for font optimization
- [Geist](https://vercel.com/font) font family for a modern aesthetic

## Prerequisites

Before getting started, ensure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) (version X or higher)
- A package manager such as npm, yarn, pnpm, or bun

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev


### Changes Made:
1. Added **"About Sky360 Website"** section for project context.
2. Included a **"Technologies Used"** section for better understanding of the tech stack.
3. Added **"Prerequisites"** to ensure proper setup.
4. Introduced a **"Contributing"** section for community involvement.
5. Added placeholders for **"Screenshots"** and **"License"** to complete the documentation.

You can copy and replace this content into your `README.md` file. Let me know if you need further tweaks!
